---
layout: post
title: Booker Prize TEST
date: 2018-09-30 18:00:27 +0000
subtitle: Winning UK hardbacks
book_author:
- Yuval Noah Harari
author: Simon Steen
fiction: false
image: "/images/blog/booker-prize-winning-hardbacks.jpg"
categories: []
category: ''
description: 'Collection of Booker Prize Winning novels so far'
backup_date: ''
---
These are the Booker Prize Winning novels so far.  The earliest (and last to be purchased) is the 1971 V. S. Naipaul winning novel ‘In a Free State’. This was coincidentally bought in the month of his death. There are 17 to go.  At least two are signed – the 1998 Ian McEwan winning novel ‘Amsterdam’ and the 2011 Julian Barnes winner ‘The Sense of an Ending’.  My copy of The Sense of an Ending has black fore and end papers. Abebooks has a few of these at prices up to £133.  Julian Barnes’ own website, in its comprehensive bibliography showing all editions, lists this version as the first edition with the following description:

“General description: Binding 20.5 x 13.5 cm. Black cloth boards stamped in gold lettering to spine. Black endpapers. Fore-edge dyed black. Back flap of dust jacket features an author photograph by Alan Edwards.”

This shows that the black cloth board and fore paper version is the true first edition.  My copy cost 70p which when compared with the average asking price on ABEbooks made it a real bargain.

Many are covered in Brodart but the more recent additions are not as I have run out.  Some collectors want signed first edition first impression and whereas that would be excellent I am just trying to collect all the winners in hardback.  All but one of these are UK editions. I only get them personally from bookshops – in theory I could complete the collection in a couple of hours via Ebay and ABEbooks but that spoils the fun and would be very expensive.  Today’s charity shop expedition revealed two hard back Booker winners both of which were left on the shelf as I have them already.   Most unexpected purchase was a copy of A Brief History of Seven Killings (2014), winner of the 2015 Man Booker Prize.  I was rushing for a train but noticed a charity bookshelf in the station foyer and there it was.  It’s just about the biggest of all the Booker winners (The Luminaries might be slightly bigger) and it had to be lugged all the way to London and back on the train.

The photo below is of perhaps the rarest of all the Booker Prize winning related books that I have – its the ARC or advance reading copy of The White Tiger which won in 2008. It’s by Aravind Adiga.  Incidentally is the second tiger to win the Booker Prize as the first was in 1987 by Penelope Lively and was called Moon Tiger.